[Alexa] Katie was working her butt off
for her London trip
and I was busy with school and basketball,
but we were still
in constant communication.
Katie, you are the worst at costume ideas.
-We are not dressing as photosynthesis.
-[doorbell rings]
[Katie] Okay, okay, okay.
A cup and a saucer? Mmm... no.
No, a coffee stirrer
and a sugar dispenser. Gotta go.
[audience laughing]
At last, the college applications are in!
Caltech, UCLA, Berkeley.
-And I'm now all yours.
-Oh good! You've been obsessed.
But not as obsessed as your parents
with Halloween!
This place looks like a haunted house.
Or a Halloween store
with a super nice kitchen.
[Alexa sighs]
Yeah, this is like their Christmas.
They like to spread the holiday fear.
[chuckles] E-mail confirmation.
Stanford got my application!
Hmm. Sounds like you really got your heart
set on California.
Yeah, guess I do.
Maybe I'll take up surfing.
[chuckles]
This guy knows what I'm talking about.
[Dylan sighs]
Uh, tell Katie I say hi.
Sorry, we're figuring out
our combo costumes
for Hannah's Halloween party.
Oh, really?
Because I thought we could do
a couples costume this year.
You know, 'cause... we're a couple.
[chuckles]
I was thinking something crazy like, uh...
Issac Newton and an apple.
[laughs] That's hilarious!
But you're not joking, so let me say,
you'd be the cutest Isaac Newton ever.
Well, I kinda saw me as the apple.
I'm sorry.
Katie and I've been doing costumes
together forever.
Man...
you two have been, uh,
more inseparable than ever lately.
No we haven't!
Plus, you've been busy
with your college applications.
I just mean, we haven't had
a lot of you and me time.
We went on a dinner date last week.
With Katie.
[audience laughing]
Okay,
the nachos platter is way too big for two.
But...
I am going to your Mathlete competition
tomorrow night.
Better. It's a big one.
We're up against the state champs.
The Alge Bros.
I wouldn't miss it.
Hey! You guys want a snack?
I'm going to cut up a pear.
Okay. Mom, you can't just dangle the word
"snack" and then cut up a fruit.
That's a bait and switch.
Ow. Oh. Yeah!
I cut my finger!
[chuckles]
Woo! Yeah, well, that's really coming out.
-Oh!
-That... that thing is really, I mean...
That's a lot of...
[gags]
I think I'm gonna be sick.
-[all scream]
-[guy growls]
Ahh! Haha!
-Oh, the looks on your faces!
-[Lori] Oh!
I think we took a year off of their lives
and added it to ours.
-Good one, guys.
-Oh, yes!
Yeah, that was... [pants]
That was really good.
Very enjoyable.
Babe! I'm loving
your new fake blood recipe.
Gotta try that on ice cream.
You know, you're pretty handsome
with that chainsaw.
Ah, you aren't so bad yourself,
Little Miss Finger Slicer.
Okay, okay! You've scared us enough
for one day.
[audience laughing]
♪ I've got you ♪
♪ When I can't take it any longer ♪
♪ You make me feel stronger ♪
♪ I've got you ♪
♪ When I can't take it
You make it so much better ♪
♪ We'll do this together ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh
We'll do this together ♪
♪ I've got you ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ We'll do this together ♪
[sighs] I am so excited
about your Halloween party, Hannah!
-Wait, who's going?
-Everybody.
Usually Missy Haberman hosts it,
but since Hannah dropped her
at cheer practice,
they'll all be at Hannah's.
Except for Missy.
This party could make or break us.
Don't screw it up.
Okie dokie, Reganokie!
Oh, boy.
Here you go!
They take forever to make,
but I'm the master
of the candy corn latte. [chuckles]
Uh, yeah. Barry says it'll come right off
with some... coarse sandpaper.
Oh, let's go shop for decorations.
We need this party to say...
"Who's Hannah's awesome friend?"
I don't know. Who?
[audience laughing]
So...
Dylan wanted me to do a costume with him.
He thinks you and I are more inseparable
than ever.
Oh, that's sweet!
No, in a bad way. It's--
-Ridiculous. I mean, it's not like--
-We're always together--
And finish each other's sentences.
[chuckles]
Well, he'll forget all about that
when he sees us at the party. [chuckles]
-Dressed as peanut butter and jelly.
-Yes!
We're two halves
of the greatest sandwich in history.
We are inseparable.
But also separable.
The halves can be pulled apart
if needed.
Darn right they can.
Though I don't think
anyone would want that.
They are better together.
Katie! Biffelsis.
Oh, look! Lucas is taking his Gwenny
out for a walk.
Hmm. The small talk portion is over.
I need one decaf non-fat machiatto
with a splash of vanilla for me,
and one not too hot,
hot chocolate for the boy.
Burned my tongue last time.
I'm a gulper.
Aww!
Her decaf...
is going to be all caf.
[audience laughing]
Taking a break. You are in charge.
[Katie chuckles]
Fastest promotion
in the history of coffee.
Yeah, I am running things around here.
[chuckles]
Fifty large candy corn lattes.
-Uh, fifteen?
-Fifty.
The rest will be here
after they pull Janice out of the ravine.
It'll take me forever
to make all those drinks.
Don't worry, Peanut Butter.
Jelly's got you!
[customers chattering]
We have gloves?
I'm sorry, Jack.
We don't say those things in this house.
I don't agree.
The Hulk is ten times bigger
than Superman.
He'd totally win.
Dude! Superman's a zillion times faster
than broccoli face.
Plus, he can fly,
and he has a super-cool cape.
[knock on door]
That cape is key.
-The cape is useless--
-[shouts] The cape is key!
[audience laughing]
-Weird.
-[knock on door]
Watch it!
I have mace in here.
Somewhere.
[knock on door]
I have had just about enough--
[screams] Ahh!
[clowns screaming then laughing]
Oh! Did you see that face?
Are you kidding me?
I wanna see that face
every time I see her face.
Thought I was gonna get
my head chopped off.
Funny stuff. [laughs nervously]
So you really didn't know it was us?
No! I thought you were depraved maniacs.
-I'm certainly in the ballpark.
-[Dave and Lori chuckle]
Well, we're just happy
to bring a smile to your face.
Yeah, and a little pee to my pants.
Uh, let's roll, Chapo.
We've got more neighbors to visit.
Oh, and that sweet little retired couple
that just moved across the street.
-You think they can handle it?
-We'll find out!
[Dave and Lori giggle]
You know, every Halloween,
those two scare the noodles out of us.
This year...
we're getting revenge!
You with me, Jack?
I used to like clowns.
This two-person unicorn is adorable!
I'll be the head, you can be the butt.
That's the tenth costume you suggested.
And every time, I'm the butt.
Fine, what do you think
our costumes should be?
I don't know. Something cool like...
a girl robot and a burrito.
This is why you'll never be the head.
[sighs]
[Katie] Thanks, bye.
-We did it! Up high!
-Too tired.
-Down low.
-Yeah.
-Okay, let's split these tips.
-Uh, no, no, no.
-You're saving for London.
-I'm not taking no, no, no for an answer.
You earned it.
I get 33% of the tips,
so we each get 50% of my percentage.
This sounds like a calculator situation.
Hmm.
Of course if Dylan were here,
he could just do it in his head
because he's such a math...
Mathletes! Dylan!
[Katie] Run!
Oh my God! Dylan.
How late am I?
Very. It's over.
Crap.
Well, how did you do?
We won.
We beat state champs.
That's great!
[chuckles]
[sighs] I'm so sorry.
I got totally distracted helping Katie.
This huge group came into Wired--
Great.
I won tonight, but once again
I come in second to Katie.
What?
I had something important to me, Alexa,
but you chose Katie.
So this is about Katie.
No.
It's about you not being there.
It wasn't on purpose. She's my best friend
and she needed my help.
Well... I'm your boyfriend,
and these competitions are a big deal.
Mathletes is going to help me
get into UCLA or Stanford.
I know, I know.
We wouldn't want anything getting
in the way of you surfing in California.
What?
Nothing. I said I was sorry.
You were sorry,
when you had to get off the phone
because you had to tell Katie something.
You were sorry
when I wanted to take you to the movies,
but you had already seen them all
with Katie.
So... sorry? But...
I've had it with "I'm sorry."
Well, then good news.
Because that was my last "I'm sorry."
Alexa!
[sighs]
Hey, MVM!
Most Valuable Mathlete.
Guys want to carry you off
on our shoulders.
-[boy] Okay, okay.
-[Dylan] Yeah, yeah.
It's cool, dude.
We're just gonna clap a little.
Don't bother jumping out.
I know you're there.
[Lori] Such a party pooper!
It's not a total loss.
Lucas will be home any minute.
[gasps]
Yes, that's right, he's our easy screamer!
Should we squirt more blood on everything?
You know the answer to that question
is always yes!
Here he comes!
I'm the butt, you're the butt. Ugh!
Stupid couples costumes!
-[clowns scream]
-[shouts] Aah! I'm too pretty to die!
[audience laughing]
[Lori cackles]
You guys said
you weren't doing that this year.
-We lied because... it's fun!
-[both laugh]
You guys really enjoy Halloween together.
Hmm. Maybe getting along is more important
than being a burrito.
Well, that was fun till he got all talky.
[soft rattle]
Hey, I, uh, found your basketball hoop
in the tree.
Hmm. Thanks.
So, I'm...
guessing things didn't go well with Dylan.
We had a big fight.
Aw!
He was mad that I missed his Mathlete
thing because I was with you.
-Oh, no.
-But he's being totally unreasonable.
He's so desperate to go to California.
Why do I care what he thinks?
Look, you two just need to talk this out.
Don't wanna talk to him.
[huffs] But he's right.
Okay? If you hadn't stayed to help me,
this wouldn't have happened.
-This is my fault.
-It's not your fault.
Tell me you get it. It's not your fault.
Yeah, I totally get it. [chuckles]
Of course I get it. Why wouldn't I get it?
[laughs]
Hmm. I gotta go.
Oh, there you are.
Not in the mood, Katie.
Uh, of course.
[sighs]
Saw your selfie on Instagram.
"Coffee for one."
Whatever you're trying to do... don't.
You and Alexa belong together.
You two just need to talk.
It's too soon. I'm still frustrated.
Okay, okay. Then how about
at the Halloween party tomorrow night?
-I don't know.
-It's perfect. Okay?
You'll be at a party.
Everyone's in a good mood.
And before you know it you'll be like,
"What Mathlete competition?"
It was a super important competition.
I'm just saying,
I'd hate to see a stupid fight
keep you two apart.
After all...
Halloween is the season...
of forgiveness.
Well, half that made sense.
Okay!
[sighs]
But... I don't have a costume.
Wait. I have an idea!
[gasps] And it is a great idea!
I mean, sometimes I get ideas,
but this is an idea.
Okay, I'll drop off the costume
before the party.
-Okay.
-Hmm.
Thanks, Katie.
I'm going to get those two kids
back together. [chuckles]
Who cares?
[pants] Alexa?
[Alexa] What?
Do you mind?
I'm watching videos of cats being mean
to each other.
Okay, well, watch them all now
because tomorrow night is Hannah's party,
-and parties have a way of--
-No, I'm not going.
-Not a chance.
-What?
I don't want to see Dylan.
Ow.
And you won't! Yeah.
Hannah said he was not going. Hmm.
-Really?
-Totally. True. Really.
You'll feel better if you go out,
and... have a good time.
And after all,
Halloween is the season
of getting your mind off things.
That does make sense.
Yeah, I will go!
I'm not going to let Dylan
ruin my Halloween.
Yeah! Keep hope alive!
See what the night brings.
[Dave sighs]
What? That's a lot of candy!
[grunts]
We'll have so much leftover!
[sighs] Well, that's why God made
pajama jeans. [chuckles]
Oh! What's this?
Huh.
Let's see...
"Dear Dave and Lori,
thanks for all the Tricks and Treats
over the years. Love, Jennifer."
-That is so sweet!
-Aww!
-[head grunts loudly]
-[Dave and Lori scream]
[Jack laughs] Now, that was funny!
[yells] Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha!
-Yes, we did it, Jack!
-Yeah, we scared the noodles out of them!
[Lori and Dave chuckle]
-You really got us.
-[Lori and Jennifer giggle]
Usually we get you.
Oh, that's a good point! [chuckles]
I hadn't thought of that nonstop
for the past 24 hours.
[Lori sighs]
-Well, good for you.
-[all except Jack chuckle]
A quick, quick question though. Uh...
did you saw a hole in our table?
[audience laughing]
Wow!
I guess I did.
I just got so wrapped up in it.
I didn't...
You guys just set the bar so high,
I had no choice!
Such a clean cut.
My grandpa would be impressed.
He made this table.
It's okay. Uh...
because I have the piece.
[chuckles]
No one will even be able to tell, look.
[audience laughing]
See!
-Good as new. [giggles]
-Yeah.
-Happy Halloween!
-Yeah, free the room.
Happy Halloween!
[music playing]
-That's not getting old at all.
-Oh, good!
-Happy Halloween!
-Ugh!
Oh, perfect! We're out of bowls.
Hope they have cups.
Interesting costume.
What are you?
I'm a unicorn's butt.
[chuckles] Okay, I see that now.
Beep beep.
-Gwenny, you're--
-A girl robot.
[in a robotic voice] Hello!
[giggles]
I can't believe you wore that for me.
And you dressed
as a unicorn's butt for me!
I never thought I'd say those words.
I never thought I'd hear those words.
You know, even though I'm a robot...
and you're a unicorn butt...
we still fit together.
Like a pair of scary old clowns.
How are your parents?
This will make sense
when Peanut Butter gets here.
Happy Halloween, Jelly!
-Where is Peanut Butter?
-She said she'll meet me here.
Hey, guys!
I decided to dress as a Master Chef.
[chuckles] See?
Pot? Oven mitt?
[giggles]
It's a terrible costume.
But she sells it with attitude.
Oh, good! We're out of bowls.
Wait, why aren't you wearing
your peanut butter costume?
Because I found somebody
who wore it better.
[music playing]
Katie, what did you do?
Hi.
-Hi.
-[Katie chuckles]
Do I need to do everything?
Okay. Think. In life...
there are things
that just belong together.
Like peanut butter and jelly.
So, even if Jelly missed
Peanut Butter's Mathlete competition, and,
even if Peanut Butter wasn't understanding
of how much help
Jelly's best friend needed...
those aren't reasons to pull
a delicious sandwich apart.
What a monologue. [chuckles]
There's literally nothing she can't do.
-Are you done?
-Yeah! All that's left...
is for you two to make up.
Proceed.
-That was awesome!
-Yeah.
Guess I should have gone as Cupid
for Halloween, huh?
The reindeer?
I should have known
that Katie would do this.
I'm glad she did.
Yes, she's got a good heart.
And she's right.
We do make a pretty good sandwich.
[girls] Aww!
Look...
I hate how things went down yesterday.
Yeah, me too.
Thank you for apologizing.
I didn't apologize. [chuckles]
I didn't do anything wrong.
[girls] Ooh.
-You didn't?
-No.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I was at my Mathlete competition,
which you bailed on to help Katie.
You're right.
I have been spending more time with Katie.
And less time with me.
Because you're going away to college.
And that's all you talk about.
Right. I'm weirdly obsessed
with having a future.
I want you to go to college.
But every time you bring it up,
you never talk about what that means
for us when you're gone.
Well...
I hadn't thought about that.
Well, I have.
So, what's the plan?
Would we... be long-distance?
Would you come back for holidays...
or would we break up?
-[music stopped playing]
-[absolute silence]
I...
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
[sighs]
[tsks] Well, then I do know. [sobs]
Are we breaking up?
I guess we are. [sighs and sniffs]
[Katie huffs]
I'm so sorry.
SDH created by: Chiranjib Sahoo